Well, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Kiara: Sorry, just put some government my mouth and I'm choking on it.
Kiara: Okay. Um, I don't know, I just been kind of like, I think it might be like the weather or something. I just been feeling kind of like just kind of like down and like sensitive and
Kiara: You know, like my dad, he
Kiara: Has been having like a lot of things happening with his i don't know if i told you or not. But like him and his girlfriend of like 20 years they
Kiara: Kind of like split ways and their relationship is all about like money and you know she's to be like a drug addict and stuff like that. And I guess she was like in a craft or something.
But
Kiara: Like he finally just you know he's had enough of it and you know the last two months she he pretty much gave her all the money and said find them. You pay all the bills.
Kiara: And then I guess she paid everything and she like flipped out over my dad because he bought like a pair of like hundred dollar pair of like sculpture shoes. But the thing is that my dad's diabetic and my dad also has his right foot. He has an amputated leg leg below the knee.
Kiara: And then the other foot. He only has like half a foot.
Kiara: So it's just like pretty much a heel and she like flipped out over him, but she really, she like goes out. She buys a lot of white clothes and, I mean, it's not like expensive stuff she's only going to like Ross or something but
Kiara: Like she's judging my dad for buying something my dad, he's not a
Kiara: Materialistic guy isn't buy stuff for himself. He's always buying stuff for everybody else kind of thing, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara: So she like flipped out over it and you know sheet for the longest time, she was, she thought, my dad was going out and buying a whole bunch of stuff and wasting his money and you know all this stuff and
Kiara: She pretty much kicked my dad out of the house that everything is all in his name, you know, except for the house that they have together if they rent it. So, obviously they're both under the the lease of it, but
Kiara: Like he she pretty much just kicked him out. And my dad was like, well, I'm just gonna have to go live in my car. It's like, obviously I'm not gonna let my down live in his car because he's diabetic. He's insulin dependent. You know, like he
Kiara: Like I can't just do that to my dad. My dad is also old to, you know, he's like, in his late 60s, so I'm not going to do that to my dad so
Kiara: Me, My dad. It's like my I've always been like a daddy's girl. And I've always been there to kind of like help my dad and stuff like that, you know, especially within the last, you know,
Kiara: Probably like the last seven years or so, when you know money's become really tight for them and stuff like that. So I'd say actually the last maybe five years really because that's whenever they moved out of their house that
Kiara: My dad had for a really long time. Not that he didn't own it or anything, but
Kiara: It was, you know, please. I pretty much just grew up that so
Kiara: Of course it was towards the end of the month. And she just paid the rent for the place. And then she kicked my dad out of the house. So my dad had literally no money. He didn't have money for gas. My dad. He has appointments like multiple appointments, a month so
Kiara: We pretty much my son has been sleeping in our room with us for the past few months, probably like past like four or five months really
Right.
Kiara: We pretty much cleaned out
Kiara: Our kids room and my dad's been seeing in there and
Kiara: What I was kind of saying is that it's like, even though I've been a daddy's girl. My it's me. My dad kind of have like a little bit of a tough relationship where he's like old fashion. He's kind of strict, in a way, and
Kiara: And it's like, I feel like I've kind of mentioned before, it's just hard for me to tell my dad.
Kiara: You know my situation because of him like, you know, kind of like judging me and stuff and
Kiara: I think about, I think I have told you that my step mom. She's to do drugs and how I told you, and you're all like, whoa, if he could accept her, then you should definitely except you kind of thing. But I feel like
Kiara: Like I don't
Kiara: Sit with my dad. If I was to tell him, and he were to get like super pissed off at me, you know, and my dad doesn't really have anybody
Kiara: So it's like I'm only his real family, but within the last week is real like blood daughter. I'm like that's he's not even my real blood dad either he's just been there since I was about one and
Kiara: You know he's taking me in his, his own kid, pretty much. And so his real daughter contacted them and they've had a really, really rocky relationship.
Kiara: And I always thought she kind of hated me because my dad has always been there for me, but not always there for her.
Kiara: But I told my dad. I was like,
Kiara: I feel the same exact way. It was my real blood father, he has, you know, another daughter, that's, you know,
Kiara: We have the same dad, but she has a different mom and he focuses in he's always, you know,
Kiara: Put all his love and attention and everything into her but has always, you know, pushed me off to the side and I was his pretty much just first kid, you know,
Kiara: So I told my dad. I was like, I understand where your real daughters coming from, you know, and when you have like a different dad, and it's not your real blood dad and, you know,
Kiara: There's blood child and that child's not getting the love from their real parents. And so he he kinda like understands the stuff and then
Kiara: The other thing is like out of the blue. My dad hasn't seen his sister.
Kiara: He's actually adopted and so or his, his brother and a sister to and he talked to his brother and like a really, really long time. I think it's been like 40 years or something and
Kiara: My dad sister Jody, she texted my dad. My dad is so old. He has a flip phone, he does not
Kiara: He doesn't know how to work the phone like out all he just knows how to make a call check a voicemail. And, you know, dial like he doesn't even know like
Kiara: He he memorized is all the numbers. He doesn't even know how to go to the contact and click on somebody you know thing to call them, he, he just memorize it, or he recognizes numbers. You know that people that call them.
Kiara: So I guess she texted him and his phone kept going off saying that he had like a text message. And he's like, check this. So I checked it. And I said, I was like, who's God
Kiara: And he's like, that's my sister, and he's like, how does she get my number. And I was like, and I looked at one of his other messages and it was from his daughter Jessica and, you know, she said that she gave God my dad's number and I basically you know message God. And I told her about
Kiara: You know my dad doesn't text and all this stuff and he was really shocked that you try to reach out and I also explained that, you know, I'm his other daughter and
Kiara: I was like, You should really call him because he doesn't really have any family around and she thought she kind of got worried and
Kiara: She's like, Is he okay. Like, is there something going on with us health or something. And I was like, No, I was like, I don't know, you know,
Kiara: Because I don't know when the last time you really talk to him because I didn't even know her name. I didn't know who she was, because my dad doesn't really
Kiara: He doesn't really talk about his family that he grew up with, because nobody really cares about him, you know, yeah, that's what he makes it seem like
Kiara: So I kind of messaged her, and we were talking and stuff. And she kind of said, Oh, we'll call him in a few weeks. Whenever I'm done with my schooling, she would do some college or whatever. And I'm like,
Kiara: I was talking to my husband about. I'm like, That's so weird that it will take her a few weeks to call my dad, but she's talking to a complete stranger when somebody who she doesn't even know
Kiara: Just texting some stranger, but she can't just call my dad like I thought it was weird. But, you know, and there's been little things around the house and stuff like that with me and my dad were
Kiara: My dad. He like his hearing as going you know like I told him I was like, you really need to get a hearing test because you know I told him I'm like this was months ago, before he lived with me.
Kiara: He talks really loud because he can't hear himself and he also
Kiara: Can't hear anything. So you got to repeat it over and over and over again. And it gets frustrating.
Kiara: Well, a couple nights ago or a few nights ago
Kiara: He was
Kiara: Oh, Sunday night he
Kiara: He was like talking to his I guess his new girlfriend. Somebody went out with like 40 or 50 years ago or something.
Kiara: He was talking how loud and you know I was really very soon as like a dad. It's, you know, 1145 at night and we're all trying to go to sleep and
Kiara: You're, you know I can. I've seen it really nicely. But I was basically saying that you're talking really loud and we can't sleep and he kind of got like all pissy with me and it's like
Kiara: It's like with my dad. You can't even. It's like, like you can't do constructive criticism or you can't confront him about things because he's so defensive and
Kiara: Like, I don't know if he feels like he's like entitled because you know I'm older than him or he's older than me and I need to respect my elders or something so
Kiara: It's just kind of hard to confront my dad and with all these little things, and he's only been there for like two or three weeks now. Yeah. Oh, it's like
Kiara: Making things hard and like how the same like a couple weeks ago when we were in group and stuff when he was there.
Kiara: He wanted me to put his medicine, like in as little thing and
Kiara: You know, normally like I didn't really think of it, I was like, I didn't think I didn't feel like affected by it. But when I'm starting to do it, and I'm like touching them and like just looking at them, it started to kind of like trigger me and I just, I couldn't finish.
Kiara: The rest of the week's worth of stuff and like he was kind of like confused of why and all that kind of stuff. And I kind eventually told him.
Kiara: I you know I kind of said about my son because he thinks that oh it's in a child lock you know bottle. He can't get into it. And, you know, kind of thing so
Kiara: I told him I was like, can you put your medicine, like all of your medicines, obviously, including the oxy cotton that he has. I told him to put it like in his lock safe or, you know, with the
Kiara: Lock and Key. Yeah. So, you know, not only that but also kind of like a preventative thing for me so
Kiara: Yeah, so that was kind of like me, kind of like, you know, putting like extra protection on it. So, just in case. But it's like, of course, like my cravings, because they
Kiara: Even though like I don't want to keep upping my dose up in my dose of my dose with Suboxone because I feel like I could probably go to the highest that he would want me to go
Kiara: And I just feel like I always have those you know those cravings. But, and I also had those things where it's like, I miss it. And I don't know if I'm confusing actual cravings and missing it like together.
Kiara: Because like with whole dreaming.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of it all and
Kiara: Stuff like that. So,
Kiara: Obviously, like when I'm dealing with all the stress and the money and all that kind of stuff it and of course with work. One of the girl she's leaving now.
Kiara: So that's going to leave us with even less people in this whole I hate to say it, but this will stupid coronavirus
Kiara: You know, people are freaking out and then coming to our clinic and Santa Monica has a Corona virus and you got to ask them all the questions and it's like
Kiara: We of course have to treat it like as if it was true. So, but, and then I could tell some of the nurses and the doctors, they kind of get frustrated with it too, but we can't just brush it off like it's not going to
Kiara: You know, because you can't
Kiara: You can't really tell until you like really test it out and I don't even think we have like the actual test kits to prove if it is the coronavirus. You know, I think they just
Kiara: You know, kind of go over a lot of their symptoms and they're like, if they've been out of the country or on cruises or, you know, all that kind of stuff. So
Kiara: Right. And people are calling us like we're getting a lot of
Kiara: Calls and voicemails of people
Kiara: Saying, like they're worried because I guess the vice president or somebody said that people who are more susceptible to getting sick or have underlying thing issues like health issues that you know they should stay home and not go out and go to work and all that kind of stuff and
Kiara: That a guy today who said that he
Kiara: Will he was supposed to have an appointment with a nurse to ask the nurse that he
Kiara: He works in sales, and he goes inside of people's houses so he's you know in customer service.
Kiara: And he was he, I guess he has diabetes and probably other stuff that he didn't really go into, but he just used diabetes as an underlying thing.
Kiara: Saying that he is afraid that he's going to catch the coronavirus and he wanted to know if he could pretty much be excused from work for however long you know he said for like 14 days because it's supposedly that's what the you know the
Kiara: President, the Vice President said, but I think he confused it with. If you are sick, you should stay home for 14 days to come, like self quarantine yourself.
Kiara: He thought it as I think he was mixing the two together, thinking that, oh, if you're if you're if you get sick is easily
Kiara: That you should stay home for two weeks. But if you're not sick yourself and you are to stay home for 14 days.
Kiara: What happens if in 14 days with a lot worse. And then you do go out after those two weeks, then you'll you can catch it then. And then you'll have to do it again. If you were to catch it. So he basically wanted like a doctor's note to excuse himself from work for however long and
Kiara: We just they I guess the VA. They just, they won't do it. And I'm like, That's so weird, because we've been getting a lot of calls and I think it should be something that we should really address but
Kiara: I don't, I feel like there's certain people my work that they just don't really care, like how I care, you know,
Kiara: So I guess I was a pretty much a rundown of what's been going on so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got a lot going on. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Well, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First off, let's, let's talk about your dad. Okay. You have to remember that your dad was just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Moved out of his home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he's taken out of his environment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And he's put in another environment where there's more people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's gonna take some adjusting. You know, on his part, and also on your part. First off, to have in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, because you're used to him being able to to go home, or you'd be able to go visit him and come home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's awesome that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: opened your door and said, Come on.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's huge here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you and him have to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talk about these types of of things you know that, I know this is an adjustment. You're in a new place. You know what I mean. And I know you're used to having your own space.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and our routine is different than what you're used to. You know what I mean. But really kind of address them in a manner that it is an authoritative, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Compassionate. Yeah. You know what I mean, I know this isn't where you want to be. I love you. You know, you know, we go to bed at this time. I know that it's hard to adjust. But let's work together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And as far as his meds, unless you're you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Willing to give him that information. I would save guard, you know, maybe your husband can can do is pill count for him. You know what I mean have somebody else go in there you have somebody else handle that piece so that you don't have to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's, it's up to you who you tell and what you tell but you know you you have to remember that. How long were you using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A airs, so you're right now. Good and bad you're suffering a loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was a tool that you used for eight years. Right. And now that's gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, managing the cravings, you know, you're right. If you're having cravings, even though your doses, getting up, then it's time to build up your coping skills.
Kiara: Yeah, and that's why I kind of told Dr Nasser. I was like, I don't want to keep going up and going up and going up because I feel like no matter how high it go. I feel like it's still going to be there. So that's why I was like
Kiara: I just want to stick to where I'm at and just stay there because I don't want to. I feel like the higher that I build up, it's going to be harder for me to get down because he takes like half the third like a half a
Kiara: Pill away. I think it's like every month or something. And I'm like, I just feel like, the higher the dose. It's going to be longer and harder for me to get off of it because I'm so used to that high dose. I'm already at a really high dose to begin with. So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's about developing strengthening your coping skills around triggers around cravings and around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The grief and loss of it not being in your life anymore. And what makes it hard is that you know what's in your house, your addiction knows it's in your house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and so trying to figure out a way to navigate around that. And no, you know, I think it's awesome that you asked him to put it in the safe under lock and key.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and having, you know, your son in in mind, but yet also having the fact that, you know, you have this this incurable disease that could possibly get you in there and take his meds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it makes perfect sense. You know that you would do that. And this is where you know it's important that you grab ahold gravitate to people that are in the same position as you that are struggling and trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay Sober identifying a trigger which like you pick County, you know, your dad's bills as a trigger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So a trigger in your head. The thought of it will last as long as you give it permission to last you combat those thoughts with the opposite.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's like, I know you're there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I'm grieving you. I know it's a loss, but I can't have you in my life, it's that. But at the end of it, but I can't have you in my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These are the things that you are ruining in my life. I can't have you there, and it's just like a really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's it's combating the negative thoughts, combating the triggers with positive giving yourself the reasons why you can't have it in your life. The reasons why it's not okay that you that you take it anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just really holding on to the bad pieces that it brought you, you know, whether it be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Physical, whether it be emotional, whether it be problems in your relationship problems in your work, whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It whatever it did whatever it messed with you have to remember that piece because one thing, you know. I don't know if you were a group when I was talking about it but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I kind of take an abuse cycle and put an addiction cycle and there if you put them side by side, they're just like the abuser is your, is your drug of choice. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, it has it in the front of your mind how it would be great to be able to have one or two.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It won't hurt. Nobody will know will be just fine. That's all. It'll take and once it gets you hooked and you're back doing what you were doing beforehand, you're in that cycle again. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's the same thing with, you know, the addiction cycle. It's like you know you you are using your life becomes unmanageable you stop using you engage in some kind of program, which is what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The thoughts will will always come 15 years later, the thoughts come. But what's great is that you can combat them and you know when it's or addiction talking to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you know, it's not okay you know it's not where you want to be, you know, it's not what you want in your life right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that, you know, things are progressing for you in a manner that they should be you know where you're at. You've got to be able to manage those triggers and manage. You know those cravings and realize that you are grieving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a piece of it. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know having a having a computer that you've always that you're always on and you're always with and this is part of your life, it becomes a part of your life. And then you take it away. You feel lost
Kiara: Yeah, I feel like that's kind of like how it is like with my phone. I always have my phone with me and I'm always on it and it's like if I didn't have my phone like like I think it was like a year or two ago. I forgot my phone at home and I was going like
Kiara: Crazy. I just wanted to drive home and get my phone from, you know, or yet get my phone from home and I was like going crazy. And I'm like, I totally understand like, now that like internet and just even having a phone. It's. It is an addiction. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's kind of crazy because it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can put it in the same realm as like food, you know, because food is a necessity. Yeah. And so we've got to kind of manage. You know what we do with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The phone the internet computer, though the same thing. They're almost a necessity. Now, but we've still got to manage how we how we work with it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you didn't have it, you've had that last feeling you have that that feeling that something's not right and something's missing, just like you do when you quit using your drug of choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and so you have to remember that that that was a coping skill that you used for eight years and it's no longer in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what can we do, and what can we replace that with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Suboxone is just, you know, it's, it helps with the cravings, it helps with the physical part and it helps really with that that stability that's needed to help build a solid foundation for recovery. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, I encourage you to engage in in self help meetings, I encourage you to, you know, reach out a little bit, even if you do it online, you know, at this point, but get yourself engaged and involved with women in recovery, so that you have a go to that you can replace it, you know.
Kiara: And that's another thing is I haven't even really been to
Kiara: My regular meetings and it was about a week or two ago. I tried to go on Monday, and I tried to find a I mean I didn't
Kiara: I don't think I tried hard enough, but I was trying to fiddle with it and it felt like I wasn't really finding anything or getting anywhere so I kind of got a little not like frustrated but just kind of like
Kiara: This isn't working. I'm going to stop, you know,
Kiara: But it's like I it's like, I don't want to do it. I obviously want to do it because I feel like it'd be a lot easier because if I'm you know
Kiara: On my lunch break, I can do it, you know, during my lunch break every day at work, you know, if I if I can't go after you know work during the weekdays, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. In the evening time. You can do it on your way home You know your way home from work or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, even how you know you do with me, you sit in your car, and so you have privacy and you do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's going to be a vital piece of this whole thing to, you know, you've got to find something to replace that loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so, weren't you in one of the other group members talking about connecting up at some point.
Kiara: Yeah, it was me and Lauren actually added her on Facebook.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. Connect with her and talk to her. You know what I mean, get into, you know, a message for him with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that way. You guys have each other and support you guys can get to know each other. And while you're walking through you know this process. You guys can walk through it together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what what is the hardest part about all this craziness that's going on is that we need. We need connection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We need to have people that are in the same boat that won't judge us that are doing what we're doing and we will when we don't have that. There's a piece missing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and we that's when we don't know. You know how to deal with the triggers and the cravings when they come that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The emotions when they start going haywire. There's no you know nowhere to to get them out and feel normal about getting them out because you know our emotions or can be higher than most people's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are thinking can be catastrophic and out in left field.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And unless we have somebody that we can bounce those things off of to bring us back to here and how we can stay out there which will take us right out to using again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, exactly right. So, you know, I encourage you strongly encourage you, if, if you know nothing else but connect with a with Lauren and, you know, see if you guys can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: bond together even through, you know, text messaging and chatting so that you guys have some kind of support systems that you're building for your recovery, you know,
Kiara: And I think another thing is like with being the first time that I went to, like, a meetings, even there, like, kind of like I guess faked it. You know, for the, I think I went for, like, maybe three months or so.
Kiara: But I went like Monday through Friday. And I mean, every once ROD. MISSED like a
Kiara: Day or two but
Kiara: I felt like, you know, getting a sponsor. It was like, thrown on me. It's like I was thinking about getting one. And then you know someone introduced me it was like
Kiara: You know, it was like, oh, do you have sponsor. I was like, Oh no, I'm not really looking. Oh. Why no, listen. She's really good at it. And it was just like throwing on me. And then another thing is that I have like a hard problem with wanting or like basically um
Kiara: Letting people help me like I always want to do stuff on my own. And that's why, like, even though when I wasn't expecting having like a drug test done at my doctor's office and
Kiara: I
Kiara: Don't know if I really told you about the situation, but I was getting my Adderall and day. I never had a drug test for it, like, ever night. It was like almost close to my one year, you know, of having it and
Kiara: They wanted me to pee in a cup. And I was like, oh, I don't have to pee. Cuz I mean I really didn't have to pee, but because I peed before I like right when I got there. And before I went upstairs to go to the doctor's office and then they
Kiara: They're like, Oh, it's okay. Well, if you can't pee. You could just go tomorrow and you could come in and you know I was gonna, you know, try to get my husband's P or something, you know, I'm trying to like fake it that way, and
Kiara: After the appointment I pretty much
Kiara: That there was like a nurse, she was digging in a closet or something, and she
Kiara: Saw the empty cup and she's like oh, go ahead and go try. So I went in the bathroom. I just stood there because I still didn't have to pee.
Kiara: And then I got out she's like, Oh, it's okay, we can swap you and I was like, Oh, no, it's okay. I have to go and I was trying to like get out of it and stuff. And eventually I was they stuck a little thing on how to do the drug test and
Kiara: I was still able to get my ad wrong. Am I Tramadol for the month.
Kiara: And they
Kiara: Like whenever it came to the next month, for I mean it took them like two or three weeks for them to get the results was kind of weird, but I think they were kind of just waiting or something, I don't know, but they
Kiara: Finally, they called me and they said that we need to speak, kind of thing. And I was like, I already knew that I was going to get caught, and prior to that.
Kiara: That was like the first time in a long time. I think I went like maybe two weeks or so, without taking any Narcos or any pills or anything like that. And like I got back, and then I actually had some money. So then I bought some and I think it was like my second day, and I had like
Kiara: A
Kiara: Job Interview for the job that I have now that I got. And you know I got them so that we do really good on my interview and
Kiara: So once my doctor pretty much confronted me about it. Originally I didn't want to stop. I mean, I've always wanted to stop for many, many years. But I just couldn't do it on my own. So once the doctor.
Kiara: You know need pretty much asked me, like why I never told him. And I was like, because I didn't want you to really judge me because, you know,
Kiara: You know, because like even like with me. I mean, I even met when I see like somebody like on crack or meth and they're all blacked out I judge them.
Kiara: So it's like from a medical point i get understand because I mean I, even I
Kiara: Mean I work in a doctor's office where people come in and they want their refill for the narcos for the month and
Kiara: They get all pissy when they have to do a drug test and I hear it from the nurses and the doctors. They're like, Oh, they're here every month complaining that
Kiara: Someone stole their Norco and they want their refill, and they just want it early. So I kind of saw it in that aspect, but
Kiara: I was so scared that my doctor and everything was going to, you know, and he was like, if I didn't care, then I wouldn't
Kiara: I wouldn't keep you as my patient. So I would have just knocked you off, and you could have found a new doctor
Kiara: And so at that point, I was like, you know, I basically just kind of surrender. And I'm just like, I'm just gonna let him help me and
Kiara: And like I've kind of said is that I feel like I've been pretty fortunate and, you know, like my doctor he basically accepted me
Kiara: He got me the referral to go to a health coordinator, and then they found out the work with my insurance what to kind of do the bestest cheapest route for me.
Kiara: Besides going to like natural rehab because I couldn't, I couldn't do that, like, whether it's like inpatient or outpatient so they
Kiara: Basically told me, just go to the ER and I was scared to go to the ER because I knew they were going to judge me there.
Kiara: And they were so nice to me and I was like I did not like I was so shocked and like blown away that they were so nice to me there.
Kiara: And even when I came back the second day because there was some insurance going on with trying to get to Suboxone and
Kiara: You know they were trying to give me the film and my interest is and take the film. It's just the pill form so they
Kiara: I went in the second day, and actually met with the health coordinator or the substance abuse coordinator
Kiara: And she is the one that helps you find like the programs which you know referred me to you guys and even though i don't know if i told you this part either is that
Kiara: When I was getting all set up with bright heart. It was the most frustrating. Like I almost do you want to do it. I was just, I was going to just go to a clinic every day and just get my pills that way.
Kiara: And not go through with it because they were asking me questions, and I
Kiara: Even though I didn't understand the question. And I was like, I'm like, I'm sorry, but can you like clarify and they would just repeat it. Like it just seemed like they didn't care. And like, then I felt like
Kiara: These people think that I'm just like a junkie and that I'm just going to go out and blow it and
Kiara: Not stick to the program or anything like that, but then when I met you. And then when I met now Dr. NESTOR
Kiara: It completely changed everything. So that's why I keep sticking with it is because I feel like
Kiara: My journey, besides the beginning of that was Rocky. I mean, I still feel like it's been good. And that's why I kind of continue to stay on the journey of just being sober and not even drink and smoke weed or do anything anymore, so like I just want to thank you day so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. I enjoy working with you care very much. You have to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, I know that it's been a tough journey. But I also know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that you're worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that it's not easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've got to get to a point that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mentally and emotionally 100% on it which means you're going to go and do anything that you need to do to make you know to keep you on this track or not, you know, that's really, you know, your choice on what you want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, as far as you know staying on this track and staying sober and doing what you're doing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life is better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you're better you know you respond better to people. You don't have to hide you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Society is is really accepting in so many different areas. Matt programs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They see people successful in getting their lives back together. And you know what more could they want besides somebody to, you know, not die because of this disease because that's the only job that this disease has to take you out to the number one job, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But realizing that you know be because of the work that you're doing, not because of me or Dr Nasser but because you show up every week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're present you do what you need to do, and it's not going to be easy and you know that you work with people in the healthcare department. You know what I mean, it's just not. It's not easy, but it's doable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I think that, you know, there might be what I hear you say is that there's a little bit of reservation underneath. Do I really want this 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know with that piece comes the irritation of not looking harder on the Internet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not connecting with with people, but really it's about, you know, getting in there, both feet and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, doing the deal, whether it be na women for recovery woman, you know, whatever it might, whatever it may be, because there are so many, you know, one shoe doesn't fit everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You just got to find your niche and what it is that is going to help you be, you know, successful through this process, you know, really, what is that really going to look like for cure you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to think of it in that manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what's it going to do and commit to a timeframe of it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to try this, you know, I've had people say, I'm going to try this for one year, I've already got three months, four months under my belt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to continue on this process. I'm going to do everything I need to do. And at the end of the year. If I still feel the way that I feel right now. Then I'm gonna, I'm going to drop it. But if I feel better and things are getting better than I'll continue on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's about a commitment that you make to yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it's like, I know you've heard this, because you've been in a meetings. But, you know, people will go to any lengths.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get their drug of choice to use their drug of choice, you know, what have you to hide their addiction and and so it's like you've got a pretty much put that in more effort into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your recovery. If that's the direction that you want to go 100% you know
Kiara: That's why like like I do want to go to like more meetings and now that I'm actually doing like my this recovery and stuff I
Kiara: It's like even before like I didn't really want to sponsor and I kind of in there's, like, in a way, like, I don't want to sponsor, because I don't want to, like, one on the steps or
Kiara: You know someone forcing me to, you know, work through them and stuff like that.
Kiara: It's just the whole because like I hear how hard it is. And it's like, I don't want to do the hat like I really don't want to do it, but at the same time, like
Kiara: Even though. Like when it all comes down to, it's like I do want to find a sponsor and I do want to like go to meetings and stuff like that.
Kiara: I'm not trying to be picky of who I actually want. But I just feel like if I had somebody that like I could really really relate to
Kiara: It would make it easier for me. Sure.
Kiara: It would be more like they understand me more instead of like an alcoholic. You know, like
Kiara: It's not necessarily that I'm judging them because they're an alcoholic and they were different, but I would rather have somebody that's
Kiara: You know more of a substance.
Abuse
Kiara: Like an alcoholic, because I feel I do feel like in a way it is different though.
Kiara: I mean, ideally I would like somebody that you know used to be a pill popper like I was. But even if it was a little bit something different, you know, but
Kiara: I don't know. It just, that's why it's like I really want to. And I think that's where a little bit of my frustration was coming from is when I tried to go on in an A. I think I went on it. I think it was the NA website the.org or whatever it's called.
Kiara: I went on there. And the first time that I looked at it, it said that it was like unavailable or they stopped, you know, put the putting the meeting up there, or it was just basically like an air like they weren't doing it or something and then
Kiara: Yesterday, I think it was after I was done with the meeting with you guys. I looked at it and tried to find like meetings like because I
Kiara: Did what Donna said she said, just put in like na meetings and then your area code, and I didn't. And it just listed a whole bunch of different
Kiara: Meetings that were basically closed because of this whole coronavirus thing. So I'm like,
Kiara: I feel like that made it a little bit more difficult, but I only looked at it for a few minutes while before I had to go back in. I think I only had like maybe like a two or three more minutes before I had to go back and site for work. So I'm just looking at it really quick, but
Kiara: I really want to try to find
Kiara: You know, like a meeting kind of close by, whether it's close by to my work or close by to home. I want to find like a meeting that I can go to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara: Any related than a so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm looking at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a meeting list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is meetings all throughout the day.
Kiara: Like it's an actual list of like different locations. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there are these are all virtual. So these are all online.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see if I can try to share the screen with you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Kiara: Too bad. It wasn't Skype, because I know Skype.
Kiara: I think that
Kiara: We, I think we use like business Skype or Skype for Business or whatever it is. And I know we're able to like, share the screens and stuff that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know we may
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My other computer, we can
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But this one for some reason options, it's not
Kiara: Well, what did you type into Google
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright so virtual dash na.org
Kiara: Virtual dash and
Kiara: Of course,
Kiara: I actually cleaned out my car virtual ending.org where I think I remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a virtual slash here. I'm going to put it in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll put it in copy and a little chat thing that we have
Kiara: Oh, where's the chat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see it.
Kiara: Oh yeah, there we go. I wonder if I could say that no, oh, no worries, though.
Kiara: I don't know if it went away. I don't. I really don't know how to. It's just share content.
Kiara: I'll just screenshot it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it. I mean, literally, they have them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Six to seven, six to seven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All meetings on the virtual in a meeting lists are sorted by language and day of the week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I liked was that there was one angel angels and recovery women's meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a whole bunch of them. There's international speaker meetings. I mean there's just wow step studies we see what we got for that one.
Kiara: Dex. When I went to Google and I typed it in. I think it was like within the first three it was either like the first or second and it could have possibly been the third one, when I clicked on.
Kiara: But yeah
Kiara: It wasn't very far down when I scroll down on my phone. So I don't know exactly what website. I went to, but I know it had the little na you know how it looks.
Kiara: Like, it looks like a but it's like the same font, in a way, so it looked like it was the NA website, but just the page that I pulled that it was just talking about how all the meetings were
Kiara: Like closed due to the coronavirus but I've never clicked on anything else like on that actual website was just reading that page, it brought me to so
Write
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's even a telephone number that you can go on your arm.
Kiara: I think it's like
Kiara: 800 something hope or something. I did look at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No one each of the meetings when you go through the list. There's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's phone numbers that you can call in with the code to get into the meeting by phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So anyways, that's na
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just got to kind of scroll through and find one that you want and engage you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get you can call in and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put the code in and then be a part of the meeting and ask how you can do it virtually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know what I need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that this women for sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This one is the one that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your other
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: group member
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Says is is a great meeting that she engages in
Kiara: maiming
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I'm going to show you this one too. Okay. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know you again your sobriety Kara is yours. So you get to create it and form it whatever works for you. But what's important is that you recognize what isn't working. And those are the things that you've got to work on changing until it does fit you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I do know that we definitely struggle with doing it alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that to be true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that we feel a lot better when we have somebody that we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We don't feel judged and that we are able to communicate with and so building that trust I get is important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you go to find a sponsor. It is important. I mean, there's a lot of things. It's like you're interviewing people to come work for you, almost, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's, you know, how long do they have in recovery. How is it worked in their life. Where did they come from. What's their story. You know, are they gossip burrs
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have they work the program, or have they not, you know, all of these questions that you've got to go through in order to find somebody. First off, and then to make sure that their story kind of matches yours, but this is what I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you go if you are able to, and you go into meetings with a clear mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No expectations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't, don't go in there thinking, you're going to find a sponsor. Don't go in there with a thought of a sponsor, but just go in there and listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the way people talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll find that one person might be not be the first meeting of the second meeting or even the fifth meeting, but you'll find that person that opens your eyes in that you can act with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll find them if you just listen to their stories. Listen to how they talk, you know, and of course, it's like weeding finding a needle in a haystack for great because you've got to do it. You got to get through all the other crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it is possible and just keeping your yourself open, you know, to that piece and knowing that you know you're coping skill has been, you know, your drug of choice and now you're trying to learn different ways to live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you commit a time frame that you're willing to try this this way that you're working and go 100% in and then if it still doesn't work for you, then you can say 100% I gave it 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I bet. Yeah, that if you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The results would be amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you wouldn't want to do something different, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, there are different avenues for you to check. There are different things for you to ponder and think about, but again, just know that you get to create your sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That works for care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't work for you, Dad doesn't work for your husband works for you know whatever that looks like you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I encourage you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To try to engage in one of these, you know, one of these meetings and even if you sit back and just listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least you're filling your head you're filling your soul, you're filling your higher you're feeling, you know what I mean with sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you remember that whatever you feed grows. So if you're feeding your recovery. That's going to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you're feeding you know your addiction, you're feeding those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that that complacency or boredom, or what ifs, then that's what's going to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you just got to figure out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know where you want to be, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This kind of remember that that this is yours to mold.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going to work for you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You might like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can tell you that that I've heard I hear all the time and through my own experience, you know, the big fear of doing this step work that if for me. And again, this is my personal preference. The na workbook is the best one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, it's because it's simple.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It ask you questions and you answer those questions 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, thoroughly and so you're working through that workbook. You're doing the work you're doing all the step work and it really isn't as hard as what we think it is.
Kiara: Because I know it's like a usually. Oh, sorry. I was gonna say usually just reading the steps when I read it. I'm like, I don't even understand what it's saying because it was written so long ago. It's like
Kiara: It's not like I guess modern speaking or it's like
Kiara: It's not dumb down for me, you know, let's not simple except as I overthink things I read things. And I'm like, I just wanted to be read simple or understand it simply so
But
Kiara: I completely comprehending I always tell people I'm like I have a comprehension problem. I call you're not stupid that are then I'm like, No, it's like
Kiara: When I read things. It's like, I don't understand what it's asking like when I get letters and stuff in the mail.
Kiara: You know, like I always have my husband read it and then have them explain it to me because I don't know. I don't know what it's talking about or I'll read it and I get the complete wrong idea of it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I and I can tell you that I was exactly the same way when I first when the God when I first start going to meetings. It was like I was shell shocked. I will. I had no idea what they were talking about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No idea. And the longer that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I kept going.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I started talking to people. It was the people that I attached myself to in the room that that taught me right because the book.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For me, it felt way too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it really did. And I get what you're saying about it. I think it does need to be revamped and and really written in language that is in today's today's WE'RE HOPING TO NOT IN THE 40s and 50s.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, you know, if you, I wish I had my book I I put it in a closet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the for me, it was very simple to follow the NA workbook. Some of the questions you know we're we're tough to really self evaluate myself on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But a lot of them. I got what they were looking for.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it was a lot simpler lot easier to handle. And again, there's also
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: smart recovery that really deals with the logical part of and there's online meetings without to and smart recovery, they don't they don't sponsor you it's all logical based so that piece is totally taken out of the equation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so there they have this this online free tool box that you can go to their website and actually pull different worksheets out of there and really take a look at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your thinking, you know, build a relapse prevention plan cost and benefit analysis, you know, what is my addiction costing me versus the benefits of it, you know, that kind of that kind of thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's all these different, you know, things that you can engage in that really feed your recovery and really working with others.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is the biggest feeder of all, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Connecting connection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The middle is a pandemic.
Kiara: Yeah.
Kiara: I wanted to find the one that
Kiara: Was I think it's just maybe either just the regular and a workbook, or what because the one that I have that my old therapist recommended to me.
Kiara: It was called the wisdom to know the difference. And it was a workbook in it, it didn't. I don't think it was at the NA version of it, but it, it was more, I think it was more like a psychological version of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll have to ask her.
Kiara: Yeah, so I'll probably messaged her and asked her, and
Kiara: I'll probably tried to go to the smart recovery website. Is it just called smart recovery.org or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's just smart recovery about might be calm me so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love the work that they have available.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know somebody that doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Online somebody that doesn't have a strong spiritual belief system really gets what it's trying to do, you know,
Kiara: I think that's more of me because I just, I mean, just like all people believe in a God. I mean, I'm like the opposite.
Kiara: But I wouldn't say that I'm an atheist, necessarily, I mean, I probably am, but I still like I wouldn't even say agnostic either like I don't know. I've just feel like, I mean, I don't know.
You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I feel the same way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know I am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you go to smart recovery.org
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's all kinds of forums here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Communicate with people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Special group dealing with grief. While recovering from addiction eating disorders mood disorders gambling. I mean, they have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A bunch of stuff here and this is online meetings, the one that I went to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Recovery journals 24 seven chat rooms community forums.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta, you know, be willing to check something out and take a look at here's
Kiara: Actually really check it out, not just glance at it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and and see you know what it, what it entails and what it looks like. But just be, you know, figure out for yourself what it is that you want to get out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your recovery, you know, this time period that you're engaged in a map program you're engaged in in not using or drinking anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this really where you want to be, you know, really find those answers within yourself and and if it is, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out a commitment time that you're willing to to commit to it and dive in for that amount of time and if it doesn't work, you know, you can at least say I did give it 100% now you think about the last time that you were going to meetings, it's you know you weren't 100% right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I MEAN, YOU SHOWED UP AND YOU SUITED UP, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had that secret. You know the secrets people sick yeah right this time when you go through it if you're doing it 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm hoping the feeling will be different. Whichever way that you, you know, decide to engage in in connection
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara: And the thing is that when I actually went for you know those couple of couple to a few months, like
Kiara: I actually really like going and then they always say, just keep coming back. And it's like, I really enjoyed going because like, even though I was still
Kiara: Using I would go and I would still feel good about myself. You know, like, I don't know, that's weird to say or anything, but you just felt good to go. And
Kiara: You know, people are really accepting and, you know, understanding and very helpful. And that's another thing is like, I don't know if I told you about, but
Kiara: Like I kind of don't like going to meetings because I feel like people
Kiara: They throw themselves on to me are there to like friendly or too nice are there to social with me and it's like
Kiara: When I go to meetings like even though I went for months, I hardly ever ever ever spoke. I never wanted to write my name down so they can call me you know like
Kiara: I just didn't I would rather just listen to other people than me talk because a lot of the times when I talk. I just feel like it's kind of like nonsense or kind of randomly or
Kiara: Anytime that I was kind of like just called out on you know
Kiara: Bay.
Kiara: I just, I wouldn't be able to really explain you know whenever the topic, what you know of it was. And then, of course, after I was done with me should have said this or I should have really talked about that, you know, so it's always that what if type of thing. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I can tell you from experience that every person that walks in those rooms goes through the same exact thing.
Kiara: But I feel like with some people talk. They it's like they already knew what the topic was and they it just sounds like it's so good. I'm just kind of sit there, just like you know like just listening. I'm like, it sounded so good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, some people are able to go in and really be at meetings, two and three and four times a day, you know, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The program in a says 90 meetings in 90 days, right. Get a sponsor do your step work. It's, it's, you know, really basic, but when you have somebody that has been in the rooms for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: YEARS HAS WORKED THE STEPS knows the book inside and out, you know, it's their Bible. Basically, it's easy, because as soon as the topic comes up, they know what it's going to be about they know you know what I mean. And it does make you feel inferior. But the truth of the matter is, is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you go to those meetings, those people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Need to remember what it's like to be in the very beginning, you know what I mean and what my first or second meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was for me felt horrible because I didn't know one person that walked up and shook my hand and tried to give me a hug.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That freaked me out, you know, I didn't know any of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, why is it there's God all over the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Place, you know, was another thing you know all of these issues that I had, you know, with it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I my experience was that I found somebody that I connected with an attached myself to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she literally walked me through the first 30 days every day by my 31st day she made me go alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I hated it. I was like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hated it but I understood
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why she did it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everybody that you connect with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does the step work different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean there's no writer in a is like there's no format like there isn't an A on how to do it and what you know the work is looking for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But in a really kind of split explains it out and has that information laid out for you on the questioning now.
Kiara: Can I ask because I know it's already six o'clock. Like, were you like an alcoholic or like, what was your
Kiara: Your choice, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit of everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, little bit of everything. I didn't have. I don't think I had one specific thing I think that it was a multitude of things at once that I continue to engage in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's not including that is including relationships.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So alcohol math marijuana opiates, you name it. You know, if, if I could get it. I was doing it. Yeah. So, and that was most of my adult life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't even start going to school until I was in my 40s.
Kiara: What do you mean like you never went to elementary school or something or what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you mean, no. I never went back to college. I never engaged in any kind of career thing. And when I first started going when I first went back to college for my associates. I thought I honestly I did it for money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was like, oh, we can get money by going to school. My first class, I thought, I'm never going to do this. I didn't graduate high school I went back at 25 and got my GED.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: School was not my thing ever. How could I possibly think I could do this and and I never got an A in my life. How do you think I could ever do this in a higher learning situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I did. And with every paper that I wrote, I put my heart and soul into it every day that I got, I was I was amazed that that I could do it and I stayed the course you know for eight, nine years in college and for somebody that never thought I was smart enough to do anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being able to get to that point to me was amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why I always say that the world is open when we get clean and sober and we get out of that repetitive cycle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And we start walking a different walk and doing things different. It's like the world opens up for us. Our mind opens up our heart heals.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we're able to do these things. One of the things that really hit me the most is when somebody told me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You realize that being happy is your choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not a requirement from other people. Yeah, it's your choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to choose what you're happy looks like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like that was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I felt like it was like an epiphany like what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You mean because he's not acting right I can still choose to be okay. You know what I mean, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was, it was like an epiphany for me, but I got it. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know from my experience is having a strong group of women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are walking the same walk that can support you be there for you that you can get together with and be yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And not have to be afraid of anything you've ever done in the past, present, you're allowed to make mistakes and they're okay with it because they're there to support you, is for me and what my experience, the best thing that I got out of being sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: whichever direction you choose, you know that to be. It's about that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That connection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: non judgmental connection.
Kiara: Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just told you a lot more about my life than I've ever told anybody. So whether you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, a lot of the things that we talked about. We talked about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From experience, you know, because I had to walk the walk to, you know, I did it myself. And when I first got clean and sober. I didn't want to be there. I don't want anything to do with those people. That was my attitude, those people, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what do they, why do they want me there. They don't know me, you know, but the more that I got to know the group of women that I was connected with the more I understood you know what it's about is connection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay. So you're going to connect with Lauren
Kiara: smart recovery. That's what's called right smart recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I sent you the link there to
Kiara: Be I gotta look
Kiara: I took screenshots of it so
Kiara: I didn't know how to really save it. I mean I clicked on it and they did say like copy link or Euro or something and I didn't want to like it to clear out of it and mess everything up. So I just screenshot it. No, I'll just look at the address.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, just check it out, but make a decision on what you're willing to commit with what you're willing to commit and whatever which way you are willing to commit commit 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just go from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I put you back on my schedule for next week. And I think the week after.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so we can stay connected for the next little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you want to keep doing it that way we can keep doing it for a little bit, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just realize that you know the situation with your dad is an adjustment for you and it's an adjustment for him to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to work with him the best that you can. I can't imagine being your dad, you know, having to be taken out of my home and moving in with, you know, my daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just be compassionate and try to work within his room.
Kiara: Rarely do I have to deal with my dad, but I also have to deal with my
Kiara: Husband to, you know, hope it all like your dad recorded so much stuff. And we only have like 20% left on or you know DVR card and
Kiara: Yeah, so there's little things that my husband says, too. And so it's like I kind of have to work with him in a way, but also get him to understand about my dad to. Yeah. So it's just a whole learning process and adjustment environment, you know, situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's stressful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so the best thing that you can do to combat it is pull them together. A your dad and your husband. Are they close
Kiara: No, I mean, but they're not like they're like hate each other or anything. You know, they're not. But my my daddy's comfortable enough to call my husband and
Kiara: Say, hey, can you come help me and my husband will help them, you know, so I mean they're like that kind of close but they're not like you know they don't. They wouldn't my husband wouldn't call my dad and say, Hey, let's go to a baseball game. They're not like that close.
Kiara: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a perfect time for them to build on their relationship to. Yeah. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Men are different. The women you know they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women kind of bond. I think easier than men do, you know, with each other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you know definitely trying to support you know them to building their relationship and you know maybe explaining to your husband, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I know, I know my dad's got, you know, these, these things that he does that are a little frustrating but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, imagine how he feels being pulled out of his own house, and now he's got to sit in our house. You know, I know that it's stressful. But let's let's work together with that to
Kiara: You know, another little tidbit. Is that my dad's even told me, I think it was last night.
Kiara: He's like he said he told me he was like, I feel like a burden to you guys and stuff. And I was like, no, don't feel like that. But I mean, I understand, because I always feel like a burden in
Kiara: You know, like at work. I feel like a burden. You know, like when I ask people questions. I feel like a burden or
Kiara: You know,
Kiara: Just any like any situation like when I'm with friends and I am. That's why it's hard for me to ask for help. Whether it's friends or at work or any situation. I always feel like a burden. So it's like I understand where that's coming from but you know it's just more of
Kiara: Like he'll says kind of be because I've always been there to help them, you know, and he's also told me that he's really grateful that I'm there to help them and
Kiara: You know, if it wasn't for me kind of thing. Then he would be living in his truck and probably on the verge of dying because my dad's also a stubborn diabetic and doesn't eat.
Kiara: And sometimes he takes his regular amount of insulin, but then doesn't eat so that drops of blood sugar too low. So
Kiara: You know, but I do feel like it's like even like though that me and my dad's relationship. They kind of there's some friction in there.
Kiara: We're also, in a way, kind of becoming a little bit closer, you know, because my dad doesn't didn't know that I smoke cigarettes or anything like that and
Kiara: I was, I even though I'm almost 30 years old I never wanted to tell him, because I know he doesn't he doesn't like the smell of cigarettes. He doesn't like smokers or anything like that.
Kiara: Yeah, and even him just saying that he's never said one bad thing about me smoke was like, oh, I didn't know you smoke, even when you found out like
Kiara: A year ago when I was smoking weed. He was like, oh, I didn't know you smoke weed. You know, like he didn't really judge me as much as I thought he was going to do so.
Kiara: But there's one big thing with the the pill thing that even though I feel like all these little things.
Kiara: That to me is a more extreme bigger thing where it's like, it's not tell him and think that he'll be fine with it. I mean, he could probably be okay with it, but
Kiara: I don't want him to put the pieces together and be all like why knew that my pills are missing or, you know, my pills were short quite a few different times and
Kiara: Him get mad at me and kind of like disown me and you know or you know like if I was to tell him, and he's like, I don't want to live with you anymore. I'm just going to stay in my car. And if I try to help them like I think of all these different scenarios and snows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Kiara: You know, I just don't want anything bad happened to my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and that's understandable in in every way, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My hope is that eventually maybe through this process of him, you know, having to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay with you right now that may be you guys will get to a point where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your communication is a little bit more ease. You know what I mean. And because what I know and what I what I hear is that you don't want to disappoint them.
Kiara: Yeah.
Kiara: Because like my daddy told me I mean that is actually a really big thing is that
Kiara: Because my dad has told me that he's like that's a disappointment or you're disappointed, like, my dad's literally said that I'm a disappointment to him in it. It hurts me because, like, I've always
Kiara: You know, kind of been to him, like the perfect daughter to him and for him to say those words like my dad keep like yell at me or no like actually yell at me if I
Kiara: Say something to me or confront me about something and it makes me cry like I get sensitive with it. But you know, it's more of
Kiara: Because he's like, yeah, that's my dad and I'm like his daddy's little girl, you know. So yeah, I don't want to be a disappointment to them. I mean, I don't think anybody wants to be a disappointment, you know, have their parents is their, their disappointment, you know. Yeah.
Kiara: My dad, he
Kiara: Way that he is is that he kind of has almost like that tough love kind of thing like he's
Kiara: Like when I was younger, I was like a like a little bit of a tomboy and stuff like that. My dad, he instead it was weird though because he would
Kiara: Buy me a lot of like boy shorts and like T shirts and stuff like that, but then
Kiara: Every once while thrown on my face. Is that why don't you ever dress like a girl. Why don't you weren't blouses, you know, especially when I got older, I was like, when I was a kid, it was fine.
Kiara: But then once I started to get older and I continued dressing, I guess, not necessarily like a boy like I don't wear voice people I don't, I can't fit boys pants I got really big hips and
Kiara: You know, so with it started getting older. He's like, why don't you dress nicer. Why don't you were blouses instead of T shirts and I don't have it up and I'm in a way, I just want to be like well you you made me like
Kiara: Yes, like that like he's always forced baseball on demand. You know, like clothes and
Kiara: Like getting me boy toy his, you know, like, because he's always wanted to send in this first
Kiara: Like is only daughters that are the only kids that he has their daughters. So he's never had a son. So with my son. That's basically kind of his son. And that's why, you know, I'm glad that he has like that little kid that's a boy, you know that he could be a, you know,
Kiara: Instead of like girly a nice and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Care just work with within the realm that you have, but really come to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come to this thing with your dad. You know what I mean, where you just let them know that you love them and you know I want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you feel that you're i just i have to address this part. When you feel that you are a burden that is an absolute falsity. It's a false belief. When you are when you feel that you're a burden. When you ask somebody for help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is so untrue. You wouldn't ask for help if you didn't care about what you were doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you have to remember that piece. And it sounds like you kind of got it that way of thinking for your dad a little bit
Kiara: Maybe I'm not really sure. Now I'm probably
Kiara: I'll probably start thinking
Kiara: About it in different scenarios and stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just have to know that that that as a human being as a woman in recovery that you have the right to ask for help. It might be uncomfortable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the more that you're able to ask for help you realize that you're worth that help yeah you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, really kind of helping your dad understand that to that he's worth the help that you love him. And you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it's going to be a stressful situation. But let's work on it together type of thing. Let's get through this together, you know, then allows him to to get off that you know your dad's 6065
Kiara: Is 67
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So imagine how long he's been out on his own.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so understanding it from that prideful position.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Allows you to kind of see it from both sides to, you know, and maybe you can, you know, pass that information to your husband to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece. So this week, you're going to work on whether or not you're willing to commit to anytime and what that commitment looks like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you choose to commit to walking this path.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you going to check out one of these meetings and really check it out thoroughly. If you decide to. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and here's the thing I want you to know something to I want you to know that you could never disappoint me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're never a bird mummy ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No If ands, or buts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will be here, no matter what choices you make.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To walk you through side by side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just have to know that.
Non judgment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, deal
Kiara: Sounds good to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay. You got it. So go take care of your family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a great, great evening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and I will talk to you next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One on one. Okay.
Kiara: Alright, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will talk to you later.
Kiara: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Okay. All right.
Kiara: Bye bye.